docs: clarify Kyverno technical outcomes in README (#16056)
kyverno/kyverno: README.md

## 🎯 Popular Use Cases

Kyverno helps platform teams enforce best practices and security standards. These use cases often combine multiple Kyverno capabilities into technical outcomes such as:

- **Secure-by-default Kubernetes**: validate and mutate workload settings, enforce Pod Security Standards, and block unsafe configurations.
- **Policy-driven platform engineering**: publish reusable guardrails with Kubernetes-native policies instead of custom admission webhooks.
- **Automated governance and compliance**: use background scans and policy reports to detect policy drift across clusters.

> - **Software supply chain assurance**: verify image signatures and attestations before workloads run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Software supply chain assurance**: verify image signatures and attestations before workloads are admitted.
```
